Feat: Unity offline caching (#3659)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-primer/unity.mdx

**Additional Features:**

> - [Offline caching](/platforms/unity/configuration/options/#cache-directory-path) when a device is unable to connect; we send a report once we receive another event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Offline caching](/platforms/unity/configuration/options/#cache-directory-path) stores data to disk in case the device is not online
```
